fix: [CDS-83115]: fix setup docs for agent with proxy configured (#3921)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/use-gitops/install-a-harness-git-ops-agent.md

## Proxy support

The Harness GitOps Agent can work on environments where traffic is routed through a proxy. 

> To enable proxy support for the Harness GitOps Agent in environments where traffic is routed through a proxy, configuration is required for two key components: the agent itself and the repo-server. Follow these steps to set up proxy support for both components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable proxy support for the Harness GitOps Agent in environments where traffic is routed through a proxy, configuration is required for two key components: the Agent and the Repository server. Follow these steps to set up proxy support for both components.
```

1. **Agent:** Make sure that the agent is running in HTTP mode.  
   To verify, check if the property/config `GITOPS_SERVICE_PROTOCOL` value is set to `HTTP1` in the `configmap({agentname}-agent)` present in the YAML after you create the agent.  
   `GITOPS_SERVICE_PROTOCOL: HTTP1`
2. **Agent:** Add a property/config `HTTPS_PROXY`, and add proxy details, such as URL, port, and auth details as its value in the configmap mentioned in Step 1. For example, `HTTPS_PROXY: "https://squid.proxy-test:3128"`.
3. **Agent:** Add an environment variable `NO_PROXY` in the Harness GitOps Agent deployment with the following value.  
   ```
   localhost,argocd-repo-server,argocd-redis,127.0.0.1,$(KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST)
   ```
4. **ArgoCD Repo Server:** Add the following environment variables and relevant proxy details, such as URL, port, and auth details in the `argocd-repo-server` deployment. 
  ```
   - name: HTTPS_PROXY
    value: "http://squid.proxy-test:3128"
  - name: HTTP_PROXY
    value: "http://squid.proxy-test:3128"
  - name: NO_PROXY
    value: "localhost,argocd-redis,127.0.0.1,$(KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST),({agentname}-agent)"
  ``````

>   

Reviewer 2: @ashinsabu3 is this tested? 
we have 2 init containers in repo-server, did they work with these proxy settings?

Author: I'm adding the details for the other two containers as well.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/assets/4731204/87821fb2-6588-494a-8e57-9c5bcf848158)
there are 2 init containers.
